---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: A programming language that developers like to use 
date: 2021-01-19
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
  - JavaScript
---

**m**
JavaScript and Java may have a similar name, but in fact, these are two different programming languages. They are not related. JavaScript is a programming language with very rich features. It is more complex than all other programming languages. Learning the JavaScript could be a simple work to those programmers that already know how to code with Java, C/ C++ or other programing language. However, programmers need a solid understanding of JavaScript to perform more complex tasks with JavaScript.

JavaScript is a convenient programming language. It is the most widely used web page scripting language in the world. JavaScript can realize powerful interactive functions on web pages, such as various animation effects, form submission, and various floating frames on the page. Furthermore, JavaScript runs perfectly under most browsers, and it can also run well under Android, Windows, and Apple iOS systems. Because of compatibility of html language is always a headache for the various browsers. The good compatibility of JavaScript makes it popular among developers. Although it can run in various mainstream browsers, these browsers have different JavaScript support. If your page uses a lot of JavaScript code, you must pay attention to this problem. There will be some gaps in the effect of each browser.

The practice WODs is a learning strategy that efficiently improve programmer’s ability of using a specific programming language. Programmers learned the knowledge of programming to develop the program that will achieve the goal. This helps programmers know how well do they understand the material. Working on practice WODs is extremely useful to improve the ability of using a specific programming language. It forces programmers to learn and solve the problem on their own. To be able to solve the assigned problems, programmers need to be familiar with programming language. This practice may be stressful on learning a specific programming language, but it also encouraged learners to spend more time to learn, to practice, to make development.

